hello everyone I am Jackson from long
cut studios and I wanted to show you a
little discovery where is he Nelson by
the way this discovery I named Nelson oh
this is Nelson he's a heroin cow I do in
fact have a terribly totem Mike but I
never activated the totem it was another
one that I killed he just drops her in
cow crap look I'll do a good comparison
no sand appeared look at them you can
just see by the eye difference and the
back of them he has a wool yes shape but
or something and I'm not sure why this
but if you notice he won't mate with
other cows they want me this camera
fraction those two gloomy but Nelson I
guess is a different species of there
was another one that also there's three
in the back I logged out and then one of
them disappeared but Nelson managed to
stay a bitch snip is boy Nelson well
let's see let's do some experimenting
with them Nelson mate with mooshrooms
let's see maybe he will know they will I
don't think they'll they know nope they
weren't made either
I can just say that this cow is a cow of
Hera Breen no other kind of doubt about
it not said he would use hairbrained in
other ways so utter something really
different they look kind of weird plain
milk nelson still gives milk um either
way he just acts like a regular couch
mate with other cows the other nelson
like cow is not here um obviously what
happens if I go into easy mode well
Nelson disappear nope Nelson's still
here which again is just weird
armonica religious wonder if Nelson's
here and I turn render on tiny maybe
heritability face I know so yeah I guess
he's psychic Carolyn my sister putting
in a row low land let's go to bed and
see if he's still here
okay notion on d-bag
all right good morning and Nelson is
still here Nelson the cow of everything
is still here yeah well I don't see
hairbrained somewhere on the distance
only he'll do that ice Sufi um let's
just there's only one last test this was
a testing of a texture pack there's one
last test oh my gosh Nelson's not even
here
Nelson's not even here Nelson that
another messed up butter Nelson has left
the building people that is just weird
maybe her ring of some sheep
I don't think she can become that hair
ring cos she Birgit people they're good
but yeah that was just strange a
possessed her